# API common fragments {#EcsApiConrefWarehouse .reference}

## External referrals {#External .section}

All are common error codes. For more information, see [Common error codes](reseller.en-US/API Reference/Getting started/Response results.md#commonErrorCodes).

[ECS console](https://partners-intl.console.aliyun.com/#/ecs)

open a ticket

## Internal referrals {#Internal .section}

All are common response parameters. See [Common response parameters](../../../../reseller.en-US/API Reference/Getting started/Common parameters.md#commonResponseParameters).

The `OperationLocks` of the [locked](reseller.en-US/API Reference/Appendix/API behavior when an instance is locked for security reasons.md#) instance cannot be `"LockReason" : "security"`.

[Instance type families](../../../../reseller.en-US/Product Introduction/Instance type families.md#)

[phased-out instance types](https://partners-intl.aliyun.com/help/faq-detail/55263.htm),

For more information, call [DescribeRegions](../../../../reseller.en-US/API Reference/Regions/DescribeRegions.md#) to obtain the latest region list.

Guarantees the idempotence of the request.  The value is generated by a client and must be globally unique. Only ASCII characters are allowed. It can contain a maximum of 64 ASCII characters. For more information, see [How to ensure idempotence](reseller.en-US/API Reference/Appendix/How to ensure idempotence.md#).

The time format follows the [ISO8601](reseller.en-US/API Reference/Appendix/ISO 8601 Time Format.md#) standard, and the UTC time is used. The format is yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ.

Your RAM user does not have the `PassRole` permission. Contact the owner of the primary account to [grant](../../../../reseller.en-US/Quick Start/Attach policies to a RAM user.md#) the PassRole permission.

Whether the system performs a permission check only.

-   true: Sends a permission check request, without performing actual API action. An enabled DryRun checks whether your AccessKey is valid, the authorization status of a RAM user, and whether the required parameters are set. If you do not have the required permissions, a related error response is returned. Otherwise, it is `DryRunOperation`.
-   False: Sends a normal request, returns the 2XX HTTP status code after the check and queries the resource status directly.

Default value: false.

